Assignment 4 (#4)
LaunchCodeEducation/java-web-dev-curriculum: content/assignments/techjobs-persistent/_index.md

---
title: "Assignment 4: Tech Jobs Persistent"
date: 2023-01-03T10:42:56-06:00
draft: false
weight: 2

> originalAuthor: Sally Steuterman # to be set by page creator
> originalAuthorGitHub: gildedgardenia # to be set by page creator
> reviewer: Kimberly Horan # to be set by the page reviewer
> reviewerGitHub: codinglikeagirl42 # to be set by the page reviewer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
originalAuthor: John Woolbright # to be set by page creator
originalAuthorGitHub: jwoolbright23 # to be set by page creator
reviewer: Kimberly Horan # to be set by the page reviewer
reviewerGitHub: codinglikeagirl42 # to be set by the page reviewer
```
